ROTATION

#ELEVATOR PITCH

We provide a mobile game that is both fun and competetive. 
The genre is RPG. 
The universe is from Elder Scrolls Online but compressed so it fits into your pocket.
We want to make a game that is relevant and tastes like the real game with the features we values the most.
Sign up for news - and be inspired by upcoming updates and events.


#VISION

Our vision is to make a game that lots of people would come to like. Our game introduces the player to a universe which already exists in another genre. You could say that our game is a training/mobile game to the main game, that we inherits the universe from. In our variant of the game the focus is specified only to the rotation part. 
You have to chose your spells and moves in the correct order to become the best. The benefits of playing our game is hopefully joy above all, but also a certain strategic experience combined with knowledge to the main game.

If you play ESO (Elder Scrolls Online) then you probally dont know all there is to know about combat, spells and gear. Our game is avaiable from your pocket, to practice and play, at any time, in the same genre and universe as you are used to.

Genre:

RPG, PVP, PVE, STRATEGY, MOBILE-GAME, TURN-BASED, COMPETETIVE, ONLINE, RANKING

#BACKGROUND

The MMORPG market has increased alot the latest 15 years. Games like World of Warcraft, Runescape & alot more MMORPG has been played by millions and millions of people. This fact indicates that there is a big interrest in this particular genre. The problem is that the functionality and abilities is limited on a 3-5 inch mobile screen. There have been made a lot games to try to fulfill this need, but of our opinion, failures. 
We now want to take a different approach to the same problem!

What is it that people like so much about these games ?

Is it beautifull fantasy world they are entering?

Is it the chance to become a virtual you ?

There is many questions that we dont know the answer to. 
But what we know is that-
Many games has failed extremely in so many ways, but still they had alot of players, just because of their working pvp system.

In this mindset we hope to create a game that is all based on skills. The game is based on knowledge and skills, not on luck and random indicators.


#BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY


The game will have a shop so that it allows you upgrade and buy equipment gear.

You can allways play alot and then earn you gear for free, but if you would like to have a headstart it is from our shop we make it able to take a shortcut through hours of dedication and gaming.

besides the fact that you upgrade your characters power, there will be a feature that allows people to change the appearance of their unique character- This will allways be possible within our ingame-shop.

Secondarily we would like to make advertisement after every time you play a round. Your screen will be filled with an entire video for 15 seconds that a company have bought the rights to show their advertise. So a buy-version of the game will be able from appstore/google play without advertisement for a little fee.


#BUSINESS OBJECTIVES AND SUCCESS CRITERIA

1. Usage-objective:

If our app is used daily by a big percentage of the entirety of the volleyball association, our goal has been achieved

2. (Sustain & maintain)-objective:

Is our stabile? is it fast? Is it effective? and overall does it work as intended-
If we can say yes to all this - this objective is partly a story of success. (partly-success as of, stability will allways be at risk, by alot of different factors, so this is an ongoing process)

3. The game should keep on evolving and updating, so that the players and customers will feel that they have a reason to keep on playing. There is nothing more annoying that games that stops being developed upon and therefor dies as a lack of new and exciting game material.

4. (Money & Value)-objective

We will feel that our app is succesfull, when it generates a certain amount of money annually, from our Shop inside the App.






